What the hell is going on with Liao Zhenwei?
He is lying
He obviously changed his mind after receiving money for supper
Xueyao, you have to trust me
I saved you.
Can white clothes testify?
Liao
You keep saying that you saved Jacky Cheung
Then I ask you
How did you save it?
You should still remember the scene at that time
And here was a very special movement.
You should remember it clearly.
Of course I remember.
I rushed to the office
I found Xueyao in the bathroom
Without a word, he took him back to the Zhang family
That's it.
Yes, it's that simple.
What's the problem?
You forgot such an important action
Stop pretending
You didn't save people
Xueyao, don't listen to his nonsense
This kid is obviously trying to take advantage of you
Stand firm
How long are you still trying to lie to me?
I think of him all the time.
Yue Qiao, you are at Zhang's house today
Why live
I said it.
You don't believe it
Come with me home to pick up mom
Make things clear